Clarify errors behaviour for pulse outputs (#143)
xodio/xod-docs: docs/guide/errors/README.md

Errors on value typed pins persist across transactions. Only the node that raised an error can remove it by overwriting the errored output pin with a valid non-error value. Pay attention to the fact that the node which originally raised an error is handled normally: it gets evaluated on inputs change, incoming pulses, timeouts, and other triggers.

> Errors on the pulse type work differently though. As the pulse type, they are reactive too. Errors from pulse outputs are cleared before the node's evaluation. Even if a new pulse was not emitted from the cleared output, downstream nodes will be evaluated to get a chance to react to the cleared error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors on the pulse type work differently though. As the pulse type, they are reactive too. Errors from pulse outputs are cleared before the node's evaluation. Even if a new pulse was not emitted from the cleared output, downstream nodes will be evaluated to get a chance to react to the error cleaning.
```

<div class="ui segment note">
<span class="ui ribbon label">Note</span>

> Use [`isTimedOut`](../../reference/node-cpp-api#isTimedOut) and [`isInputDirty`](../../reference/node-cpp-api#isInputDirty) to check the reason of node evaluation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When implementing a C++ node, always use [`isTimedOut`](../../reference/node-cpp-api#isTimedOut), [`isInputDirty`](../../reference/node-cpp-api#isInputDirty), [`isSettingUp`](../../reference/node-cpp-api#isSettingUp) to explicitly check the reason of the node evaluation. Guessing is a bad idea.
```
